the Navy is really good about giving you the correct material to use the
more dangerous job gets. I've actually been around people who have
went into a live 41 60 volt breakers. You touch it, you're done right.
Ah, friend of mine actually was hospitalized. And what was paraplegic
for a while? Another chief friend of mine based on doing those
things. And you're around it all the time. Um, but in those cases
they give you and you're supposed to use all the protective equipment
that is necessary to do the job successfully and safely. Um, so I
would say the mawr dangerous electrical work I've done, uh, the more
safe I've been. Ironically, it's when you start going lower down the
line of risk that your danger actually increases. Um, the most dangerous
thing I've done is just being around the propulsion plant, Um,
and not putting in your in your hearing protection. You know, you
do that for a couple of a couple of months, and then all of a sudden,
you know, you start hearing ringing in your ears, that Z, that's actually
pretty dangerous. That's not something that civilians are normally
exposed to. you know. So it's something simple. Like just wearing
your PPE is, uh, is probably the most dangerous I would feel. But,
like physically the most like on a day basis, the most dangerous
thing I've done is probably, um, go up to the top of one of the light
mass. We have to change the transistor eyes, me and another guy and
you Absolutely, where? The crack material. But sometimes, you know,
you have to, like, take off a hook and put the other hook on, you
know, and you do that multiple times and you realize that, you know,
let's say like you're not paying attention. There could be a time
that you're way up there and it's just 11 slight small move, and you're
either hanging up there or you actually fall to your death. Um,
so, yeah, that's another thing that civilians really aren't really exposed
to that if you're long enough, you will be